And how about now? Do you have many friends now?
Yes, I have.
Yeah? And where did you meet your friends?
All my friends are Kevin.
So who's Kevin?
Staff.
Yeah. And you see him as a friend, do you?
Yeah, he's your friend. He's my little girl. He's alright. He is.
Yeah?
Yeah, he's alright.
And which other friends do you have then?
I've got Zoe, Shane and Kevin.
So are they all staff here?
Yes.
Yes?
Yeah, they're all staff, yeah.
But you see all of them as a friend?
Yeah.
What is it about them that you like?
You're my friend.
Yeah.
So what is it about the staff that
makes you feel like you're a friend?
What makes you feel like you're good friends?
They are...
They be treated... staff... be kind. They be kind to me. They all be kind.
It's good shopping. They're just all be kind to us.
Hmm.